Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Galaxy A10e: I'm all right. I woke up like 930 or
Galaxy A10e: 930 this morning and I missed two phone calls for my daughter, but since I don't do yesterday.
Galaxy A10e: He had called me three times and at the psychiatric place and she was all choose happily happy bubbly herself. She said she has unlimited phone calls.
Galaxy A10e: So she was excited because you can call me at any time if you want it and
Galaxy A10e: She had been two or three groups.
Galaxy A10e: Already in one day.
Galaxy A10e: That's it. That's about it. I, I drink, you know, I don't have the alcohol. But then I felt myself.
Galaxy A10e: Because I was crying a lot and all that. So I would, I hadn't just ignoring those
Galaxy A10e: 32 ounce whatever beers and I, for some reason, I just kept spilling it because I would knock it over. I forgot to call it was
Galaxy A10e: So it gets be like, so I only got like this much of it.
Galaxy A10e: But I'm which was good, better for me.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, you don't
Drink
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't want to drink.
Galaxy A10e: I know and that's why
Galaxy A10e: I'm
Here.
Galaxy A10e: Oh yeah wait for her phone call Maury. I'm thinking what's wrong, my phone with her on the phone. And then we've done to anti anti at her once already
Galaxy A10e: Came back up here. And then I thought that was wrong phone, but no. Sure enough, I said it right up here. And if I set up here.
Galaxy A10e: It gets really good wife myself and all of a sudden she called me.
Galaxy A10e: She called me like two after I was taking a nap.
Galaxy A10e: But, um, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she's okay
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, she's okay she did not shoot 5150 they. She said, I don't think so. But, and maybe temporarily and they think, maybe, I don't know. I'm gonna talk to a doctor, I only get to talk to her. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, at least we get to talk to her right now, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I know. Yeah, that's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you talk to that worker.
Galaxy A10e: Um no I haven't called that worker because I forgot to ask true that one thing that you want to meet asked her, I asked this social worker that works for down there. I asked him, and he said he wasn't aware of that you should talk to anybody. We're all this, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's good to know.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, so I mean I think that you would have to know. Right. Yeah. Okay, that's good.
Galaxy A10e: So she called me at like 230. She's like, well, now that I know that you're going to stay up on my call you back. I want to call start bringing more clothes.
Galaxy A10e: Was like, okay, fine, but laid back down and an alarm went off reports. So I've been on I've actually on the phone with you since 4045 but
Galaxy A10e: I know I kept trying to fall back asleep. I'm like, What is going on. Well, she's busy. I'm just gonna hang up.
Galaxy A10e: I'll go back to bed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just wanted to check in with you and make sure you're okay and see what you found out and make sure your daughter's okay you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See where your head is
Galaxy A10e: You know I'm it's on.
Galaxy A10e: It's on my body.
Galaxy A10e: I'm here, I'm just, I'm just worried like, I got a letter. I think I also do yesterday and I walked out the door and I got a letter from or it was on the doorstep from child support him and it said that they were
Galaxy A10e: That the child welfare told them that are reunification service has has been terminated and all payments are there $500 again, you're gonna charge
Galaxy A10e: But so I was like, What is going on, like, how can all that go back to normal of go to that when we have it in which caught yet. We haven't charged work work yet so I'm
Galaxy A10e: Irritated, but I just gotta breathe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just a lot you know that's piling up on you right now all at once when you're doing everything that you can and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely engaging in the services that are available because all of them are available that you you know they want you to engage in. And you know what I know is that the truth will come out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've just got to keep pushing forward, keep doing what you're doing, don't, don't give up. And don't stop.
You know what I mean.
Galaxy A10e: I haven't looked up federal court you know it mean to get my my stop word somewhere else, because
Galaxy A10e: I texted
Galaxy A10e: My main tools Yorker and said, Malcolm child for is going to change the payment as of April 1 back to $500 a month when we haven't went to court yet. I said, I've done everything that I supposed to do. I said, I'm, I'm doing online meetings I see my therapist. I see my doctor
Galaxy A10e: I got those workbooks
Galaxy A10e: Um, I said I can't start a pod, which does money, but in there anyway. But I was gonna do it anyway.
Galaxy A10e: Mm hmm. You know, I mean, I have because everything shut down.
Galaxy A10e: But how come everything shut down and they can still go forward what the court proceedings. I don't know how that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What she say
Galaxy A10e: She texted back. Oh, they're going off of February's
Galaxy A10e: Why everywhere is that she would have changed in February.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So February's court proceeding said that
That judge
Galaxy A10e: And the judge told us we could. He said, you know, get on it. Work hard, you know, do we were supposed to do, which was stay clean and and you know
Galaxy A10e: Go to the meetings or whatever or they are curious now that every shutdown, er, or I mean I and other meetings. Now, maybe they're going to go to court.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, hello, cuz everybody's going online.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, so I was hoping maybe, I don't know. Maybe if I paid for your trip. If you come down and go to court with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I wish that I could definitely, I have to find out from Helen of what the you know procedures are as far as bright hurt goes when it comes to stuff like that. You know what I mean. But I don't see why I couldn't be available to be on the phone, you know, for a phone conference.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Galaxy A10e: Just as my therapist, you know, real like
Galaxy A10e: Somebody that was you know be standing right behind me, or by me.
Galaxy A10e: So anyways, I decided not no not keep drinking and
Galaxy A10e: And you cannot run 230 and anyways, I'm going to give him up work.
Galaxy A10e: Asleep, it's that's gonna work at like 3am
Galaxy A10e: And I'm just gonna
Galaxy A10e: Know, kicking around here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kick it around here, go to a meeting.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I'll keep the meeting ID thing.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I'll go to be reading today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, open your book.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I think, I think I look read because of these wait oh yeah my lights me look read that read
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you look like
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Over here, a
Galaxy A10e: Couple days and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's how you like I get a tan.
Galaxy A10e: I've been washing my face with that I'm a soldier. I got my kids.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, to wash my face with massager. I got my kids like three years ago.
Galaxy A10e: It's amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like what did I do this sooner.
Galaxy A10e: I know self care.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I love those.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, they're pro stock. They're just like little ones from Walmart, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: look really good to
Galaxy A10e: The color.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I like the shapes to the shape of them.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I mean,
Galaxy A10e: I mean, I made them square
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't like anyone
Galaxy A10e: I don't either. I chipped up when you went off and just cut him off.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Another thing is I haven't had a medicine all day called Walmart and Walmart said that that there was a duplicate they threw out the duplicate medicine because I picked him up. Remember I picked up 16 on a weekend and then I picked up on Wednesday.
Galaxy A10e: The 28 so when he called in Friday. They thought they figured it was duplicated through it out. So I've been waiting all day for a medicine they had stuck, they still haven't checked on that.
Galaxy A10e: So I was hoping you could put something in there. Tell him. Hello. It was a duplicate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean, do this really fast.
Okay.
Galaxy A10e: It's like
35 or 530
Days.
No. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Luckily, shaved yesterday, you're good on that.
Galaxy A10e: Those backgrounds are cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actually got the ocean guy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish I was sitting at the beach right
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. It's cool though cuz I got the beach right here, but those waves look really clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know the water looks really clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I just sent that to Danielle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to the doctor.
Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I'm not sure why they're wanting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To know if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just said Don a Don and needs her meds. The doctor put in a script for her, but the pharmacy thought it was a duplicate script and threw it out. Is there anything we can do question and that's to Danielle, but then I included Dr factor in it too.
Oh, cool.
Galaxy A10e: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that maybe he can do something about it as well. If there's anything he needs to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, awesome.
Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see. I work, I have group at 11 group. Oh, you're in group with me.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, that's right. Anyway, okay, good.
Galaxy A10e: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, we have group tomorrow. Yeah, we're going to be see each other. Tomorrow definitely just hang tough on you know they're going off February stuff and I don't have anything available to them for March and April and, you know, just stay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Due diligence and stay strong because we have one goal in mind, and that is to get you reunified with your children, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, yeah. My grandson was on the phone with me up through a video call and he said he saw I'm getting your doctors doing and like I don't get why why even think that or and then I got all this paperwork and all that. And so I'm like, I'm no, honey.
Galaxy A10e: I said, I don't think so. But he's on a positive and happy about it. I don't know, it's weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that was your son or your grant my
Galaxy A10e: Grandson, because he's with this baby brother.
Oh, wow.
Galaxy A10e: But he seemed happy genuinely like it was weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he's your, your older daughters. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: My oldest DAUGHTER'S SON. The one I will take care of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The one you were taking care of
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Took us two months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, I didn't realize those in a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Minute.
Galaxy A10e: And
enable it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all right. We sometimes we have to learn later on in life you know that they use that we should need to do different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm the best independent that you've ever met.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry. Yeah, no.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Better reception out here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you do it this way better put curtain.
Galaxy A10e: Pretty to fix the walls. The dog to try true right
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, he likes to do the puppy.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're good.
Galaxy A10e: You're good.
Galaxy A10e: Yes. Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your book and you're gonna put some good happy music on and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get us headspace of determination and and continue fighting
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, I'll see you. I'll see in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will see you tomorrow and group. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay you hang tough.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Bye. Oh, OK. I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you later.
Galaxy A10e: Okay Okay back